Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We're going to pray tonight.
I'm going to pray more than talk, right?
I say that every single time.
Let's see what Braden has for us on the news today.
There's a lot going on.
And I get excited because every day I turn on the news, when Braden updates me on all the things he finds throughout the day, he says, "Daddy, this is it.
" It just gets—the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, you can see the signs of the times all around us.
You have to be completely spiritually dead to not see it.
I don't see how anybody could say, "Oh no, Brandon, Jesus is not coming back for a long time.
" I'm like, "No, look around you.
Jesus is coming.
It's time to get excited.
" If you are a believing believer who has their eyes to the sky, you're looking inside your heart, your lamp is full of oil, you know that Jesus Christ is coming and he's coming sooner than we think because you have that expectation.
You feel it inside.
Especially if you're his beloved, you're his bride.
The bride knows.
Why?
Because they have intimacy.
They know that the groom is right there.
Jesus Christ is standing at the door.
And I truly believe we're about to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
Some people ask me, "Brandon, do you have anything good to say?
Do you have things positive to say?
" Not a lot of things.
I think a lot of things are harbinger words.
They're words of warning the Lord gives me.
But I do have this to tell you: Jesus Christ is coming and he has a plan for your life, and healing and deliverance belongs to you.
And I believe with all my heart we're about to see arms grow out, legs grow out, eyes come back when you had no eyes.
Maybe you need a new kidney.
Maybe you need a new liver.
Maybe you need a new something.
But with Jesus, all things are possible to him who believes.
And I believe in this generation right now, we're about to see signs and wonders because God is a God of signs.
God is a God of the exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
As we see all the darkness and all the things happening all around us, we know as the body of Christ we're in that cleft of the rock.
I'm not concerned about the financial things I see.
I'm not concerned about wars or rumors of wars.
I'm not concerned about plagues.
Yeah, it's a little disheartening and it makes your flesh, but don't get weary.
Don't take on the burden of it.
I just keep my eyes on him.
I'm fully persuaded that what he promised he's able also to perform.
And so I'm excited because I know my blessed assurance is Jesus.
"Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine!
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine!
Heir of salvation, purchase of God, born of his Spirit, washed in his blood.
" I believe with all my heart that's you and me.
And as believing believers, we're not doubters.
We're overcomers.
And I believe the best is yet to come for the body of Christ.
Yeah, we're going to see darkness.
Yeah, we're going to see trials and tribulations.
He's told us.
"But be of good cheer, I've overcome them all.
I've overcome death.
I've overcome sickness and disease.
I've overcome it all.
" Why?
Jesus paid the price for you and me to walk in victory.
Ain't that wonderful?
Jesus already paid it all.
It's like having somebody who bought you a really nice something and you think you got to pay for it.
They say, "No, it's free.
It's been given to you.
Grace is free.
I gave it to you, son.
I gave you healing.
I gave you whatever you need.
Salvation.
I paid the price for you to walk in victory.
" And so, I want you to be encouraged today.
You're a believing believer and you're not a doubter.
We have that overcoming faith on the inside of us.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
And the moment we die, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
So if you tell me, "Well, Brandon, I'm believing for my healing and I've only got so many days left," I believe that Jesus is the miracle-working God.
But I want to encourage you, even if you don't receive your miracle on this side of the earth, you still got your victory on the other side.
Don't let the devil beat you down and say, "Well, you're running out of time.
" No, I'm not on your time scale.
I'm on God's.
"Well, you still haven't seen your full manifestation, Brandon, for your daughter.
" I'm not moved by it.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says.
And by his stripes, Megan is healed.
By his stripes, I'm healed.
By his stripes, you're healed.
And we either stand on it, we are believing believers that believe it, or we don't.
And I just have to be fully persuaded just like Abraham.
And even in the deadness of Sarah's womb, even in the deadness of Abraham—he was old.
He didn't have Viagra back then.
We were all going, "What's going to happen with this old man?
" But guess what?
God performed a miracle.
Signs and wonders followed him that believe.
He was a hundred years old.
And look what God did.
God provided a son.
Whenever it seemed to be the most impossible thing to happen, God provided the son.
Here comes Isaac.
So, isn't that amazing?
So, I just want you to believe and be a believing believer.
I know I bring some very hard things, but I want you to be encouraged tonight that Jesus has you in the cleft of a rock and that the death angel may pass by you, but it will not touch you.
Just like it was with the children of Israel.
We put the blood on our children.
You go and anoint your kids with oil.
You go in there and you go, "Hey, little Johnny" or whoever, you anoint them with oil.
"I put the blood over you in the name of Jesus.
No weapon formed against you will prosper.
" I anoint my son, my daughters with oil all the time.
My wife, we—I anoint my kids with oil.
I go around—I got this on Amazon.
I got the one from Billy Burke.
Billy Burke blessed me with this little box for Christmas.
And I got this, and I got the oils from him.
I used a lot of it.
But yeah, but you know, you maybe don't have some really cool oil from Billy Burke, but I do.
But you can get yours off of Amazon and anoint your house with oil, anoint your car with oil, anoint your shoes with oil.
I anoint everything.
Why?
Because I believe in the power of the blood.
And this is a representation of the blood of Jesus.
Where the bloodline is applied, the devil dares not cross.
I keep applying the blood.
I make much of the blood.
And when you make much of the blood, the blood makes much of you.
That's why I take communion.
I got boxes of communion everywhere.
You take communion.
Why?
Because the power and the authority of the believer is in the blood of Jesus.
It's what he did for you.
When he said, "It is finished," he set out and did everything that you needed done.
He said it.
He said, "It is finished.
" It's done.
So, I'm going to believe it.
But I anoint this and I put this on my head and I just go in there and anoint my kids, anoint my wife, and I anoint my dogs.
They got a lot of ticks around.
So, I say, "No, devil.
You ain't going to bring ticks in my house.
All my dogs, I anoint you with oil.
I put the blood on my dogs.
I cover this little dog in the blood of Jesus.
I cover you in the blood.
You're a smart dog.
" A lot of people call their dogs dumb.
I don't call my dogs dumb.
"You're smart.
You're the smartest of your kind.
You've never had a dog that's been this smart.
" My dog does tricks.
It is potty-trained.
"You're not dumb, peeing on my floor.
" You're going to be smart.
I pray over it.
I call those things that be not as though they were.
You've got to call those things that be not as though they were and say it out of your mouth, 'My dog is smart,' because life and death is in the power of your tongue.
So you're always calling your kids dumb, or, 'Well, my husband is a good-for-nothing.
' I speak blessing over your husband.
Not me, you ladies do that.
Braden, thanks a lot, Braden.
You speak blessing over your husband.
You speak blessing over your wife, and I believe it.
Don't curse them with your words.
'Well, you're good-for-nothing.
' No, I believe with all my heart you're a blessing.
You've got to say that kind of stuff out of your mouth.
What you're living today is what you spoke yesterday.
What you'll be speaking today is what you'll live tomorrow.
Life and death is in the power of your tongue.
The more you say it, the more you're going to be living it.
Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
The more you say it, the more you think it, the more you meditate on it, the more you say it.
And if you let that devil put those thoughts in your head, the more they get down in your heart, the more you say it.
Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
What's coming out of you?
What kind of river is coming out of you?
So, I say all that I say—the reason I'm saying all that is to say this.
The reason I'm trying to tell you is, yeah, I say these things and I'm trying to tell you, but I don't let it in.
I keep...
It's like my friend Billy Bird said, 'Keep the bear outside the cabin.
Keep the bear outside.
Don't let him in.
' I know what's coming.
I know what I've seen.
I'm fully persuaded of what the Lord has told me, but I don't allow it inside of me.
I keep a wall of the blood around, knowing that I'm just supposed to tell you and warn you that you've got to get your house ready, knowing that Jesus Christ is coming, and there's a lot of you that are not ready for Him to come.
As I look through this camera and there's 3,300 people here right now, how many of you know that you have blessed assurance?
'Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine!
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine!
' How many of you are purchased by the blood?
How many of you are a child of the Most High God?
That's what you've got to ask yourself.
All the other stuff we see on the earth right now doesn't matter.
It's where will you spend eternity.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
The moment you take your last breath, where will you spend eternity?
You say, 'Well, Brandon, I know Jesus.
I've known a lot about Jesus.
My grandma told me a lot...
' No, but does He know you?
Have you confessed Him before men?
Have you confessed Him?
Have you been water-baptized?
Have you dedicated your life to Jesus Christ and said, 'Jesus, I make You my Lord and personal Savior'?
If you haven't, then He doesn't know you.
I don't want to know a lot about religion and a lot of things about the church.
I want to know Him personally.
I want to sit down and have fellowship with Him, because I'm not into religion—I cannot stand it—but I'm into relationship.
I want Him.
And as I was meditating on things today, I thought about things a lot as I was doing my work and doing things for Diana, helping Diana.
I was just thinking about where we are with all the stuff going on with the finances, and what the Lord spoke to us last night, and what I believe with this new industrial move and all this new digital and all these things that are about to spring forth, and praying about the 14th, praying about the World Cup, praying over the NBA Finals, praying over the terror in the heartland, praying over so many things.
Just sitting there in my heart, 'God, where are You at today?
What's on Your heart?
Where right now is the harvest?
' He said, 'Pray for rain.
Pray for rain.
Physical rain, spiritual rain.
Rain.
Just pray for rain.
Pray and call the rain in, Brandon.
The drought—come against the drought.
Pray for the rain to come in, in Jesus' name, from the north, the south, the east.
We call in this fresh drink of water over Florida, over Texas, over Oklahoma, over Mississippi, Alabama, over Australia, Africa, wherever you are.
You have power and authority.
Life and death, like I said, is in your tongue.
What are you saying over your area?
I call rain in Jesus' name.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
' I keep saying, 'Oh God, I thank You for the rain.
I thank You for the former and the latter rain.
I thank You for the Holy Ghost outpouring.
I thank You for the rain.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
' As we're all getting in position, isn't that wonderful?
We're all getting in position.
What will you do with this final harvest?
What will you help Him do?
What's your job?
You may be the children's church worker.
You might be in the nursery helping out with the crying babies.
You may be a parking lot attendant, but whatever you do, in word and deed, do all to the glory of God and do it with all your heart, no matter what you're called to do.
You may say, 'Well, I'm just an usher.
' Thank God for the ushers!
Thank God for the people who are passing the plate and catching people.
And maybe you put the drape cloth on—sister somebody, whoever, had her skirt too short, and you threw it on there so she didn't do anything crazy at church.
She didn't know because she came in off the street.
You're a big part.
Do you see?
God can use anybody, and you could be the vital piece to keep purity in that church.
You know, throw the drape cloth down there.
We just praise God for you, sister.
Don't ever look at what you do as insignificant.
You are significant.
Thank God for the people who are helping in the ministry of helps.
So, it's time you start looking at yourself as more than what you do.
And so I know with all my heart God is about to...
It's all hands on deck right now—keeping the bathrooms clean, keeping the floor clean.
So I wanted to encourage you with that because there's a lot of people that get down and think, 'Well, I'm an insignificant nobody.
I don't have any part to play.
' Well, Brandon, of course you do.
You're talking in front of all these people.
But you know what?
I was in that place not even a couple of years ago, being a janitor.
How?
Well, not a couple of years, but several years ago now.
I was there, and I thought that same way.
But if it wasn't for the people who were in the ministry of helps, that church would fall apart.
That church would fall apart.
And so we're so thankful for every single one of you.
Never ever look at yourself as insignificant.
So, All right, Braden, do you have anything?
Yeah, I know.
I don't know where that came from, but I thought I was supposed to say it.
Well, it came from the Lord.
Ready, go.
Do you have a microphone, Braden?
They sure want to hear you all the time.
They're always asking to hear you.
Turn it on so they can hear you.
Tell them, say, 'Hello, everybody!
' 'Hello, everybody.
I'm Mr.
Ed.
' Does anybody remember Mr.
Ed, the talking horse?
Do you remember that?
It was on...
'Hello, everybody.
I'm Mr.
Ed.
' Does anybody remember Mr.
Ed?
And then they said they have these drones.
They're talking about...
Okay, we've got to be quick.
You've got to pray.
What is this?
Oh, they have these drones in China.
Okay, let's look at these drones.
Let's talk about what's going on.
'Iran...
' Oh, and then, 'Iran attacked Kuwait.
' Okay, so Iran just attacked Kuwait.
Did this happen today?
'Just an hour ago.
' Okay, an hour ago, Iran attacked Kuwait.
Okay, now look at the...
Show them that video right there with all the missiles coming in.
Boy, that's fun.
Let's go to Kuwait.
Look at all that.
Goodness gracious.
I thought Donald Trump said we took out all their stuff.
Iran.
Surprise, Mr.
President.
I don't think we got everything.
Look.
Yeah, show that again.
That looked like Christmas.
Oh, the last one.
Yeah, that last one.
That was incredible.
How many hundreds of missiles do you think that is?
It looks like a firework show.
Wow.
Incredible.
That's incredible.
Yeah.
Is that all like different ones, or is that one just splitting into a bunch and exploding or something?
Yeah, it could be a bunch like a defense system.
That is incredible.
Yeah.
Wouldn't you?
I think we need to pull over.
Allah is not going to save you, brother.
I hope you— Okay, keep going.
Yeah.
And then, yeah, they're attacking US bases in Kuwait.
Okay, so these are the bases the Lord warned us about.
He said, "Pray for the military bases in Kuwait.
Pray for the bases in Iraq, for they will be a target.
" I saw Abraham Lincoln.
The Lord said, "Pray for Abraham Lincoln.
" Now, I don't know if Abraham Lincoln is still in the water over there or if it's been removed or whatever, but I saw specifically to pray for Abraham Lincoln.
Pray for our military bases in Kuwait and in Baghdad that an escalation of things would try to take place.
Then I saw the island completely engulfed with fire for the oil.
I don't know if this is it.
Okay.
"US carries out self-defense strikes against Iran's drones and missiles.
" Yeah, so they're fighting back.
Okay, yeah.
So this thing is not over yet.
Obviously, I told you they're not done.
They're saying, "We have a peace agreement for 60 days.
" I said, "No, it's not going to happen.
" They didn't.
Okay, so next.
Okay, and then you have this guy talking about Trump, and then you have—who is that?
Oh, that's Dr.
Oz.
So, Dr.
Okay.
So, I've prayed over this a lot concerning this.
Now, this is what I'm getting by the Spirit of the Lord when I'm praying.
There are certain things I just keep my mouth shut.
This is Cuba.
Marco Rubio talking about Cuba again.
What?
Okay.
So, there's Marco Rubio concerning Cuba.
I told you liberation is coming to Cuba.
A major government flip is coming in the days ahead.
And I saw Rubio leading the charge, for he will slay his tens of thousands, and like David, and Saul would be JD Vance, and he will slay his thousands.
And I said, "Rubio will rise up like a leader and people will like him, and this will be a major revival in Cuba coming.
" Three major wells of revival coming out of Cuba.
Okay, so what is he saying?
Can we hear him?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, Cuba has sponsored terrorism.
Cuba has sponsored terrorism, and it has supported groups.
For example, virtually every left-wing, radical, violent terrorist group in the Western Hemisphere has at some point relied on support from Cuba—the ELN, the FARC, the FARC dissidents, including them, have been involved there.
We also know, for example, that Cuba continues to host a pretty substantial collection of intelligence sites on behalf of the Chinese and the Russians.
But you look at the region, and you look at all of these leftist, Marxist terrorist organizations.
All of them, in many cases, got—if I can move on.
I noticed you did not answer my question because my question is specifically related to whether there was new evidence, new evidence to support that conclusion.
I can just tell you, why would I need new evidence?
Because you're claiming that they're a state sponsor of terrorism, suggesting they're ongoingly involved in that.
My final question: Cuba has—interesting.
That's a good clip.
Thanks, Braden.
Next.
All right, and then they're saying the Legislative Clarity Act was added to the Senate legislative calendar, making it eligible for full Senate consideration.
When is it on the calendar for?
Do we know?
Yeah.
Okay, and then they're saying that they have these—not the right one, of course—but this one they have around that thing.
Okay, show them that.
That's interesting.
So, we got robots looking at stuff in—is that Boston?
Yeah, they're saying Boston Dynamics robots are starting to patrol World Cup facilities in—okay, so they're going to be in World Cup facilities.
So, they're looking for terrorist stuff in New York with these robots walking around Dallas.
Yeah, in Dallas.
Yeah, they need to put a bunch of those out there.
They need like a dozen of those things walking around.
They're sniffing.
They're sniffing for nuclear devices.
I guarantee you they have sniffers on those.
Don't you think they're sniffing for nuclear stuff?
They're sniffing for radioactive, biological dirty bombs and things like that on that.
I guarantee you those robots are really smart, and they're testing the air.
They're testing everything.
Okay.
And then they're saying that there was a shooting prevented by police discussion on Discord.
On Discord, they're having a chat on Discord or whatever; they found that.
Who is this?
Where is this at?
Let me see.
Seattle.
So, a mass shooting was stopped in Seattle.
So he had a shotgun, but—yep.
And what?
So, all glory to God for that.
That guy was stopped.
Okay, let me see.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, now I saw trains full of chemicals coming out of the Mississippi, Alabama area.
And I saw—oh, this is Pakistan?
Yes.
Is this how they're doing that?
Well, I saw it in America, and the Lord said, "Pray over our oil well, oil tankers, because I saw them coming out.
" And I saw, last time we were praying, I saw devices that were placed on the railroad tracks used for derailment, that they would try to have a bomb, a device on the railroad to try to derail it by an explosive as the train went by, and it was full of stuff like this.
I saw big tanks.
It looked like propane tanks in America moving around.
Now, what is going on with this?
They're saying they were sending them to China and Pakistan.
Iran was doing that.
So Iran is sending all that because they can't do it through the strait, so they're doing it through trains.
So they're doing it through trains, planes, and automobiles.
Yeah.
Wow, interesting.
Okay, next.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Yeah, and you have this.
So it kind of slowed.
Yeah.
Police investigate videos of men mysteriously emerging from New York City sewers.
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
They're coming up out of the sewers.
What are these mysterious men doing?
I said we've got to pray over our subways.
I saw them taking explosive devices in the days ahead.
The Lord said, "Pray for these devices," because I saw them trying to flood the East River and the Hudson, trying to cause a flood in there to keep people trapped with water, and they couldn't get out, they drowned.
And it was not just a couple of people.
We're talking a lot of people drowning in subway cars.
Yeah.
Okay, is that it?
Yeah, so they're going to find them.
And now here, we have a huge—now, I want you to see this.
I don't know if this is the Chicago area, but they had a big party for the Muslims.
And I want to show you how they made it so kid-friendly.
Go ahead, play this.
I don't know if you have the sound.
No, I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to hear what all that stuff they're doing.
So they had a huge event, and this is in Illinois.
Kids.
They're ringing around the rosie.
They're having a party, and they have inflatables, face painting.
They're doing an outreach.
Feed the goats, ride the mule, ride the camel.
They have playground rides and everything for the Muslim kids.
Come into your town, if we don't stand up and have revival ourselves, this is why I'm telling you folks, it's time to wake up.
We got to have revival.
It's time to have a major move of God.
That's in Illinois.
That's not too far away.
Yeah, I believe it's the UK.
This one is—so now they're doing it in the United Kingdom.
I don't know if we're just seeing it more because of social media and this has always gone on, you know, but to me, I just—I don't know if there's bigger crowds now.
It looks to me like there's more than I've ever seen before.
They're having these huge prayer vigils and things in the streets.
Do you know that the meteor that crashed into America, that everybody heard, was five feet across and over 12,000 pounds?
12,000 pounds is what they're saying, right?
Yeah.
Can you play that?
Do you have that?
I don't think Mom sent me.
Did Mom not send it to you?
She got it from somebody who emailed her.
Somebody emailed it to my wife and she said, "Brandon, this thing was massive.
" A 12,000-pound meteor that came in, and what did the Lord say?
He said there was coming a time whenever there would be one that would come.
I saw it go over the Seattle area, and it went all the way across from west to east up north, like over that area.
Not Philadelphia, yeah, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, all that area.
And I saw it.
It was so loud that it broke the glass out of the houses.
It broke the glass out of cars.
It was so loud and so violent that it shattered glass, and it was making people's ears ring, and you could hear it.
It sounded like a sonic boom went across the whole nation.
And I saw the big, demonic-looking thing that looked like skeleton hands clap its hands, and he plowed it across like that.
Does anybody remember that?
So there are things the Lord keeps showing us, and we keep praying about it.
But we see something going over Maine and all that, and that was amazing.
12,000 pounds—that's a big rock.
I wonder if they could find it.
What if it had anything neat in it?
So, is that it?
Yeah, you should send me.
Don't worry about it, baby.
Yeah.
A fireball had a massive 5.
6 metric tons—5.
6 metric tons or more than 12,000 pounds.
More than 12,000 pounds.
Yes.
It was traveling at 42,000 miles per hour.
Do you remember I said they won't be able to shoot it down with a rocket, the big one that I saw coming?
And I could even pinpoint it where it was in the sky.
And the Lord gave me the name.
It was numbers, and I had a couple of letters by it.
And he said, "They've not made this public.
" And I saw this massive rock.
And he spoke to me, and I gave it to Diana, and she kept it in our files of what the Lord called this rock.
And he said they've not made it public.
And I saw this massive rock that was headed this way, but they could not shoot it down with missiles.
They used laser technology to split it.
And whenever it did, it split in half.
And half of it disintegrated and made a lot of little ones, but the one was massive.
And it hit in the Atlantic Ocean.
It was a massive rock that hit in the Atlantic Ocean.
Now, I've seen two different rocks, two different events, but it made the water boil.
It made the ocean boil.
It was so hot.
Now, I don't know why it would cause it to boil, but the water was so hot and it killed the fish—all the fish.
That's why I saw all the fish dead on the beaches in Miami.
There were dead fish all over the islands.
San Juan, Puerto Rico, had dead fish everywhere.
And it stunk.
I could see it produced disease because there were so many dead fish.
So, I don't know.
You know, a lot of people say, "Well, Brandon, you're looking into tribulation.
" Could be.
I could be looking into tribulation.
I don't know.
A lot of times, what I'm seeing, I just keep praying, and the Lord shows me things and he tells me to pray about it, and I think it's interesting when I see it.
I just go, "Wow.
" Part of what I forgot to tell you all last night was praying over Malibu.
It was highlighted to me specifically when I was praying over the Supreme Court judge, but the Lord said specifically, "Pray over Malibu.
" Now, I don't know what's going to happen at Malibu, but the Lord said there's something about Malibu.
Now, I don't know.
I didn't even know where it was, honestly.
You know, they had to show me on the map, but it's in California, of course, but I just thought it was interesting because when the Lord showed me, I could see the water, I could see things, and he said, "Pray over this area.
There's something about this area.
" It was an earthquake—it looked like to me a major earthquake.
So, epicenter.
All right.
Is that it?
Yeah.
Well, let's pray.
How long did that take?
37 minutes.
Not too bad.
Did you get anything out of it?
We got a little bit of articles there, but we gave you a lot last night.
And to me, some days are kind of boring news days.
There's not a lot of stuff.
I just go—some of the digital ID stuff, if you want to, but okay.
I remember him.
He was over—I don't—he was when Bush was in.
Yeah.
They're talking about the shots.
They can track you or something like that.
Yeah.
Okay, play it.
Let him see it.
You got it.
Why?
Because in order to open an account, you need to have an ID, right?
And I have to say that when we started this job, there were actually very few countries in Africa or Latin America that had one ubiquitous type of ID, and certainly that it was digital, and certainly there was biometric.
And we've really worked with all our partners to actually help grow this, and the interesting part of it is that, yes, it is very necessary for financial services, but not only.
Sure.
It's also good for school enrollment, it's also good for health—who actually got a vaccination or not.
It's very good to actually get your subsidies from the government.
So this does not only affect the financial services; it is a very important issue.
Sure.
Why is it?
Yeah, I wanted to hear him.
That's Tony Blair, is what I believe his name was.
You need to know who's been vaccinated and who hasn't been.
Some of the vaccines that will come on down the line will be multiple.
There'll be multiple shots.
So you've got to have, for reasons to do with the healthcare more generally, but certainly for a pandemic or for a new one coming, for vaccines, you've got to have a proper digital infrastructure, and many countries don't have that.
In fact, most countries don't have that.
You need to know who's—I said a new pandemic's coming, and they're already pushing these shots like candy.
Everybody gets a piece.
Man, I got an eyelash in my eye.
Okay, I think Mom might have done it.
It's like everybody gets a candy.
You get a candy, I get a candy here.
I said it's all coming before this next plague.
Okay, let's do this and let's just start praying, and we'll see where the Holy Spirit leads us.
Confirmed to me again—230 tons of TNT.
Yeah, it exploded.
That is an incredible amount of explosive.
230 tons of TNT.
That's a massive rock.
All right, we're good enough.
Ready?
What's that one?
That's kind of fun.
Wow, lady.
Okay, so it is part.
Don't worry about it, baby.
Keep going.
Yeah,.
I mean, she just boom heard around southern New England.
NASA says it was a meteorite, and we just learned it was actually five feet wide, not three.
Don't feel bad, I didn't hear it either.
I was in my car going north, so I didn't hear about it.
But anyways, we also just found out it weighed over 12,000 pounds.
So why didn't we know it was coming?
That's what everyone's asking.
Let's go to the expert now, Mike Cerullo.
He's talking with an expert.
He's live in Providence with what you've learned.
Hi, Mike.
No, it's not.
Not a bird, not a plane, but a meteorite.
This flash in the sky caught on camera in New York left southern New England stunned Saturday.
With virtually no warning, NASA says it came crashing through the atmosphere at roughly 42,000 miles an hour, then traveled 26 miles from northwest to southeast before breaking apart just before landing in the Cape Cod Bay.
Why do you think we didn't have much warning?
There is a lot of material of this size.
It's virtually impossible to know in advance of this size of object coming.
Brown University professor Ralph Milliken says scientists are more worried about much larger objects, things that are on the scale of say 100 meters, you know, 200 to 300 meters.
He says NASA tries to track ones of that size and has been developing technology to deflect them if needed.
Still, what happened over the weekend was admittedly larger than most of the space debris that reaches Earth.
The estimates are that we probably have about 5,000 tons of cosmic dust and material and meteorites landing on Earth.
The vast majority of that is super, super tiny stuff.
We're talking things that are smaller than a grain of sand.
For something of this size, a few feet across, it's not that common, but a few a year.
Scientists track events like this.
Each dot on this map represents a fireball dating back to 1988.
And most of these would occur over uninhabited areas over the ocean and we wouldn't be able to see them, but they are detected.
And there could be small pieces of that meteorite in the Cape Cod Bay.
In theory, a magnet fisherman could go and try and pluck them out of the water, but I'm told that would be like searching for a needle in a haystack.
Live in Providence, Mike Cerullo, NBC 10 News.
It's pretty cool.
All right, let's pray.
Thank you, Braden.
Yeah, we enjoy it, all your hard work.
We work together.
I love that part of it.
I enjoy all your hard stuff you do, son.
Father, we just thank you, Father, for the body.
We thank you, Father, for this time of prayer.
Holy Spirit, we yield uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We lift up this time before you and we attract to deflect.
We go vertical, Father.
We keep our eyes, we keep our heart towards you, Father, in this night, this time, Father.
And we thank you, Lord.
If there's anything you want to show us of that which is to come, Father, we're in the right place at the right time doing exactly what you've asked us to do in these end times.
And we thank you, Father, for the body that was mauled to nothing.
You took it all for us so that we're able to come before your throne boldly.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for what you did for us that we could enter in and sit at your feet and say, "Jesus, we're here.
We love you.
Thank you for your relationship.
Thank you, Father, that we are able to not just be outcasts, but we're your sons and your daughters, joint heirs with Jesus Christ, wall-to-wall Holy Ghost expecting your soon return.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus and we thank you, Father.
We thank you for all that you've done.
We thank you, Father, for the healing power that flows for us in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Lord, we make much of the blood tonight.
I plead the blood over my eyes, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that I only hear and see what you want me to see uninterrupted, like I said, by any demonic spirits.
I thank you, Father, that we yield ourselves to you, to the anointing of the prophetic, the anointing of the watchmen.
And I thank you, Father, that you show us that which is to come.
Father, if there's anything you want to show us, Father, we're here for it.
We're here for you.
We're not here to perform or parrot, but Father, we're here to be a voice and not be an echo to warn the people of that which is on the wall coming from a distance.
We thank you, Father, that we have eyes to see with great binoculars, that we can see what the enemy is planning way in advance, that we're not caught off guard, that we know exactly the plan of the enemy because of you, Holy Spirit.
Show us, Holy Spirit, that which is to come, just like the word says you would do.
We take the blood right now in Jesus' name, and we enter into the throne room boldly.
Have your way, Lord, in Jesus' name.
We take the blood.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter.
I am the clay.
Mold me and make me after thy will while I am waiting, yielded and still.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
Search me and try me, Savior today.
Wash me just now, Lord, wash me just now.
As in thy presence humbly I bow.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
Thou art the potter.
I am the clay.
Mold me and make me after thy will.
While I am waiting, yielded and still.
I come to the garden alone.
I'll keep singing this while you find it.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
I come to the garden alone while the dew is still on the rose and the voice I hear falling on my ear, the Son of God discloses.
And he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am his own, and the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
I come to the garden alone while the dew is still on the roses and the voice I hear falling on my ear, the Son of God discloses.
I like it.
That's it.
And I want to sing it again, this part right here.
And he walks.
Make it personal to you.
Sing it to him.
Don't sing just words.
Make it personal that you're in that garden, that you're in that garden.
Don't make God out here; make God in here.
When you're singing a song to him, when you're singing it, don't sing it out here, from here.
Sing it from here, and the more you do that, he'll become real.
It's too much head, not enough heart.
Add it and flow, but as you picture yourself, and he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am his own, and the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
It's intimate.
Sing it again.
And he walks.
He's walking with me.
And he talks with me.
And he tells me I am his own, and the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
Thank you, Father, because I come to the garden alone with you in the early morning hours.
I come to the garden alone while the dew is still on the rose and the voice I hear falling on my ear, the Son of God discloses.
I love the words.
Holy Spirit, my heart's cry tonight is that you become so real to the people that are watching, that you become personal, that they say, "My God," not somebody else, but you become so personal to them that they find you.
I ask you, Holy Spirit, to flood their hearts and their lives.
We bridge the gap.
I see it.
That is pretty neat.
I see the gap being bridged by hands.
They're being touched by arms stretching to arms, hands stretching and touching hands, and I see the bridge.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, Thou art welcome in this place.
Lord, in thy presence there's healing divine.
No other power can save, Lord, but thine.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome here in this place.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, Thou art welcome in this place.
Thou art welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit, we yield, for in your presence there's healing divine.
No other power can save, Lord, but thine, Holy Spirit.
It's that lower octave.
I can hear it.
It's the soft keys on the piano.
Holy Spirit.
I can hear it on the soft keys.
It's just that small touch.
I can hear it.
Hallelujah.
You have won the victory.
You have given it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king seated in majesty.
You have won the victory.
Hallelujah.
You have won it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king seated in majesty.
You are the risen king.
Hallelujah.
You have won the victory.
You have won it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king seated in majesty.
You are the risen king.
Hallelujah.
Oh, Father.
You have won the victory.
Hallelujah.
You have won it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king seated in majesty.
You are the risen king.
Hallelujah.
I could hear it, so it echoes.
Oh, Father, we pray your heart tonight.
We enter in by worship and thanksgiving.
I do it.
Hallelujah.
You have won the victory.
You have won it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king seated in majesty.
You are the risen king, all to Jesus.
I surrender all.
You have to surrender.
It's at that place of surrender.
I surrender all, all to Jesus.
I surrender all to him, I freely give.
I will ever love and trust him, in his presence daily live.
I surrender all.
All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all, all to Jesus.
I surrender.
Humbly at his feet I bow.
Worldly pleasures all forsaken.
Take me, Jesus, take me now.
I surrender all.
All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
There's something about the surrender, isn't it?
When you surrender all, when we surrender all, all to you, Father, all to you.
We surrender all.
It's that place at the cross.
It's that place of that death.
I surrender all.
I've given everything.
I've given my all.
You good?
That's it.
Verse one.
All to Jesus I surrender.
All to him I freely give.
I will ever love and trust him, in his presence daily live.
I surrender all.
All to thee, my blessed Savior.
I surrender my life, Lord.
I surrender my heart.
I surrender my thoughts.
I surrender the persecution.
I surrender.
I surrender all.
I surrender the pain.
I surrender.
Lord, I surrender.
It's like when you why you raise your hands.
You know, you tell the policeman, he says, "Raise your hand.
I surrender.
" It's I give my all.
I'm yielded to the enemy, to the Lord.
I surrender.
Right?
When you raise your hand, you're just waving the white flag.
We surrender.
I give everything to you.
I give it over to you.
I surrender my desires.
I surrender my wants.
I surrender my finances.
I surrender my marriage.
I surrender my children.
I give it all to you.
I surrender the addictions.
I surrender.
I can't do this on my own.
He doesn't expect you to.
I surrender all.
I surrender the opioid addictions, the meth addiction, the crack, the whatever, pornography, alcohol, whatever you're dealing with.
I surrender my all to you tonight.
I surrender my life.
I meet you at the place called there.
I need you.
I can't do this without you anymore.
I've been running.
I've been wayward.
And tonight, you may be at that place of, "I'm at the end of my rope and there's no other way to go.
" But I surrender my all to you, Jesus.
I need you.
He's never left you, and he's never forsaken you.
He's always been there in an ever-present time of need.
As we sing this, and I'm going to sing it one more time, I want you just to really think about where you're not surrendered.
Where in your life does he not have all?
I say it to myself, too.
Where does he not have all?
Where have you held back just a little bit for you?
"This is mine.
I don't want you to touch it.
" But you can't do nothing with it.
There's so many of you that, if you die tonight, you're going to hell.
And you might be having your last opportunity right now to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
And it could be your last opportunity to give him your all.
You've been wayward.
You're not living right.
You know it.
And as I sing this again, the moment you get real with God, God will become real with you.
It's the fakeness.
He sees your heart.
He sees the motives of your heart.
He sees everything.
He sees when you say it, when you truly mean it.
I surrender my all to you tonight, Lord.
I'm not holding back anything from you.
For the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart who's perfect toward him.
He's examining his bride right now as he brings her to his side.
Search me, Lord, and know me.
I want to be the apple of his eye.
Hide me in the shadow of your wings.
Hide me in that presence.
Keep me as the apple of your eye, Lord.
But the only way you do that is surrender.
Give him everything tonight.
Hold nothing back.
And if I'm talking to you and you say, "Brendan, I don't know Jesus, but I want to," I want to say a simple prayer with you.
But as I sing this one more time, I want you to put in the comment section, "Tonight's my night.
I'm coming home.
Tonight's my night.
I want Jesus.
I want to say the sinner's prayer.
I'm not running anymore.
I'm giving him everything that I've been keeping, that I've been hiding.
And I'm getting real with God tonight.
" And then we're going to say a simple prayer, and I say, "All to Jesus I surrender, all to him I freely give.
" He's not forcing you.
"I will ever love and trust him, in his presence daily live.
I surrender all.
All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
" Say, "Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
Jesus, I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Tonight, Jesus, I surrender all.
I surrender everything to you.
I surrender my addictions.
I surrender my marriage.
I surrender it all to you because I can't fix this.
Only you can.
And as of tonight, Lord, I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Forgive me of my sins.
Lord, forgive me of where I've tried to not surrender everything over to you.
Tonight, I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the sin.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve you with all my heart.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Tonight's my night.
I surrender all to you, and I'm born again.
Behold, the old things are passed away.
Behold, all things are become new.
And I believe that tonight I am a born-again Christian.
I'm born again.
I've surrendered all to you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
Have your way with my life.
Thank you, Lord, that if I was to die tonight, I'll be with you in paradise forever.
" I believe if you just said that simple prayer, I believe you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ as you surrendered your all to him tonight.
Now, what do you do?
I'd go to a Bible-believing church, one that preaches the gospel.
You get in, you get plugged in there.
Tell the pastors, whoever's there, say, "Listen, I'd like to be water baptized.
" Get water-baptized.
Come over here, be a part of our YouTube channel.
Get involved in that church for sure.
Get over there, get involved, get classes, whatever they've got going on, prayer, whatever.
Come over here, like, subscribe, be a part of our YouTube channel.
Come over and pray with us.
We're excited you're here.
And read your Bible every single day.
If you don't have a Bible, we will send you a Bible absolutely for free.
All you have to do is email us in the description down below and just say, "I got born again," and give us your name and your address and a place to send the Bible, and we will send you the Bible just to love on you.
We just want to tell you, "Welcome to the family.
" We're a little behind on it.
Diana is trying to get caught up, but we will get your Bible to you.
We want to tell you, "Welcome to the family.
Welcome home.
" If you just gave back your heart to the Lord and you said, "Hey, I'm living right, Brandon.
I'm going to come back and I'm going to do right," welcome home.
We want to love on you.
We just want to tell you we're proud of you.
Thank God for you.
And we don't want to solicit you.
We're not going to ask you for anything.
We just want to love on you to give you a Bible.
So, if that's you and if you would like to have that, you can email us.
But isn't it wonderful?
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
And isn't it wonderful to be saved?
To know, to have a blessed assurance.
Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine!
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine!
Heir of salvation, purchase of God, born of His Spirit, washed in His blood.
How many people got born again tonight, Braden?
Did anybody give their hearts to Jesus?
This is my story, this is my song, praising my Savior all the day long.
Perfect submission, perfect delight, visions of rapture now burst on my sight.
Anybody get born again?
Seventeen.
Seventeen gave their hearts to Jesus Christ.
That's wonderful.
Seventeen born again.
Thank You, Father.
Now, the Lord put out that net, and He said, "Brandon, do this.
" I did it, and I'm thankful for all seventeen of you and many more to come.
If you truly realize how close we are to His return, nothing else matters to Him.
He doesn't want anybody going to hell.
Now, Father, every single one of them, we call them healed and whole and well.
Tonight, we believe, Father, that they're healed from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
I see on the left side, the ear is popping open, your eardrum.
There's something been going on with your eardrum and that canal.
I see it in the vision right now.
And in your ear, there are new fragments.
Those hair, those little bone hairs, they're coming back inside.
Your hearing has been lost because of these little hairs, these little, they're like crystal-like things.
I'm seeing them; they're like little things inside your ear.
And the Lord is healing that right now in the name of Jesus.
Be healed and whole and well in your ear.
Restored from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
The power of the Holy Spirit flow through that ear.
You just heard a pop.
Yep, I heard it, I saw it.
That's wonderful.
Touched.
I don't know who you are, but please email us and let us know that you got healed tonight.
That's exciting.
New things of the ears.
New ear, new ear.
Here, here.
I see Branson again.
There's going to be a great revival in Branson.
There's going to be a great move of God in Branson.
Why?
The theaters, they'll be packed full of people and healings and demonstrations.
I'm telling you, I see this.
The hotels will be full.
A great revival is coming to Branson and the Homestead Pickers, they'll be playing.
I'm telling you, there's going to be glorious, like bluegrass, beautiful music.
It's going to be wonderful, like tent meetings with Sister Billie.
Sister Billie and Billy Burke.
I'm telling you, Billy Burke is going to be there, too.
I don't know when, but it's going to happen.
I see my friend there.
It's going to be bathed in prayer.
And the glory is going to come on, my friends.
Y'all better get ready.
This is going to be exciting.
The Lord said, "Don't get out ahead of Me.
Stay in sync with Me.
Don't get out ahead of Me.
" It's like the beat of a drum.
The passion will drive it—being passionate—but stay in sync with Me.
Don't let passion push you out ahead of Me.
Don't let passion and being enthusiastic push you out ahead of Me.
Stay in sync with Me like the beating of the drum.
And I see it on the leaves, the fall leaves.
I see the leaves, so pretty.
I see the fall leaves, and I see the fog.
And the people are flying in from everywhere.
The people will fly in from everywhere, for I see it very clear.
You know the Christmas, what I'm talking about, like when that fog, when it's getting ready to go from hot to cool, it's that morning fog.
I can see it on the hills, the Ozarks.
, Abba, You know it.
"Here I am, humbled by Your majesty, covered by Your grace, so free.
And now I've found the greatest love of all is mine since You laid down Your life, the greatest sacrifice.
Majesty, majesty, Your grace has found me just as I am, empty-handed but alive in Your hand.
Majesty, majesty, forever I am changed by Your love.
" I could hear it when I was looking at the mountains.
"So here I stand, humbled by the love that You give, forgiven so that I can forgive.
So here I stand, knowing that I'm Your desire, sanctified by glory and fire.
And now I've found the greatest love of all is mine since You laid down Your life, the greatest sacrifice.
Majesty, majesty, Your grace has found me just as I am, empty-handed but alive in Your hand.
" You know, there's certain things that I have prayed for for so long, and I know I'm not that old, but I have been like a bloodhound on a trail.
And I've looked forward to this end-time move.
And when I get glimpses like I just got, it blesses me so because I know we're getting close.
When you see all the people in the place be healed, there's a level of the glory that we've never experienced before, but a level of His majesty and a level of His mystery of this right here: "forever I am changed by Your love in the presence of Your majesty.
" This is a level of the glory.
I'm forever changed by His love.
And I see tonight a major revival that's coming.
And we flood the place tonight.
Flood the places of Australia and Canada and over England and over Europe, all over, Father, the Middle East, Father, Asia, Africa, we call South America, Brazil, a major revival in the name of Jesus.
A major revival from sea to shining sea all around this world.
I call a shaking to awaken, oh God, for it's the goodness of God that brings men to repentance.
"Your grace has found me just as I am, empty-handed but alive in Your hands.
" We're singing, "Majesty, majesty, forever I am changed by Your love in the presence of Your majesty.
" Healing.
Okay.
I'm at an event in Washington, D.
C.
I see a blanket covering Minnesota, a patchwork quilt blanket.
I've seen that blanket before.
A major blanket of His presence is coming over Minnesota.
It will be thick like a blanket.
You know when you throw a blanket over you, it will be like a blanket covering Minnesota, a blanket of His love, a patchwork quilt over Minnesota.
And it will be a thick, tangible presence of God over Minnesota.
There's change coming to Minnesota.
I'm going to say there's change coming to Minnesota.
A blanket of His love.
Do you feel that?
For I apply the blood, and grounded.
We call healing to their bodies, to the elders' bodies, that their youth is renewed like the eagles.
We pray over Billy, my friend.
We pray over Billye Brim.
We pray over John Kilpatrick.
I don't know him, but Father, I pray over his health.
I pray over his body.
I pray over his weight.
I pray over his heart.
I pray over his liver.
I pray over his body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we call restore, restore, restore, restore, restore.
Everything the cankerworm tried to eat, we call restored over his joints, over his body, over his knees, over his tendons.
We call tendons to be rebuilt.
We call tendons to be healed.
Cartilage be restored.
We call the body to function like it was designed to.
Mind function, no brain fog, clear smooth thinking in the name of Jesus.
Healed and whole and well over Perry Stone's health.
We call Perry Stone restored.
We call Perry Stone delivered from all things that try to ail his body.
Some of it is self-inflicted, the Lord said, but some of it is not.
But we repent and restore all the way from the top of the head to the bottom.
It's by diet, what you eat.
The Lord said it's what he's been on me about: 'Get your weight off.
Take care of yourself.
Live long.
Finish strong.
' It's a lot of things with people when you're eating bad.
The Lord said it's because what you're sowing in your mouth, you're reaping in your body.
That's what the Lord just said.
You're eating bad and it's reaping in your flesh.
Eat good and your flesh will line up with it, right?
Seedtime and harvest.
That's what the Lord is showing me.
Some of it is bad seeds.
We call crop failure, but we repent and we turn away from it.
But the Lord will restore back everything.
Watch.
He's a God of restoration.
He restores.
He fixes it.
He fixes it because his grace is sufficient for us.
Thank you, Father.
Father, I thank you, Lord, raising up the leaders, raising up the voices in this last day.
Raise them up.
Raise them up in Africa.
Raise them up all throughout South Africa.
Raise them up, Father.
Raise them up.
I'm seeing Africa.
We raise them up all over Africa—voices, leaders without compromise.
I see a lot of compromise in the leadership and the churches in Africa.
Corruption.
And the Lord said, 'I'm raising up new Davids where there'll be no compromise.
' I see a lot of people practicing witchcraft, and I see financial corruption in the church.
And the Lord said, 'I'm restoring back great fountains of revival, healing, and wholeness, and wellness will flow from them.
' And there'll be—I see Muslims giving their hearts across the land.
Muslims giving their hearts across the land in Africa where Muslims seem to be growing, and it's going to start to stop, and there'll be a wave of his glory, a wave of his presence.
We call it over Brazil.
We call it all over the elections.
Father, we thank you, Lord, over Colombia, over Cuba, Venezuela.
Major revival in the name of Jesus.
We call revival over Brazil.
We call revival over Argentina, Venezuela, over the land, over South Korea.
Father, we're calling it over the Philippines.
We call it in Thailand, Taiwan.
And Father, we call a major revival in the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty, Prince of Peace.
Troubles vanish, hearts are mended.
I see a golden, beautiful light shining on Asia.
In the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty, Prince of Peace, Troubles vanish, hearts are mended in the presence of the King.
We call healing and wholeness over this nation today.
I see these different colors on each state.
That's what's interesting.
I see the colors on the states—different shades of brown, different shades of browns.
He's raising up new leaders.
He's going to raise up new leaders—faces that you've never seen before.
New faces and new leaders are coming.
He's taking back the—it's like it's been a covering and he's taking it back.
We pray over President Trump today—over his health, over his veins, over his mind, over his body right now in Jesus' name.
Over Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron, Eric, and Don Jr.
, we pray a hedge around and about them in the name of Jesus, that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
We put a bloodline around and about the family, over Marco Rubio, over JD Vance.
We thank you, Lord, that there's a covering over them.
Thank you, Lord, that the decisions that they make in the next couple of days will be decisions that will shake the nations.
We call the Clarity Act done because I'm ready.
I'm ready for Jesus Christ to come.
No more holding it back.
Let's get this show on the road.
Let the ball roll.
Let's get this thing done so we can go home.
Father, I thank you that we're ready and we're in position, that none of us will be taken off guard, that Father, the flow, Father, flow.
Every one of us will just flow.
Thank you, Lord.
The Lord, the Holy Spirit said, 'Brandon, I'm done with everything that I wanted to do tonight.
' This is what he just said.
It was about the surrender.
He said to me, 'I was looking for the surrender.
I'm looking for this surrender to the ones that will just surrender.
' That's what he said.
My main focus was to the ones that were here.
He said, 'That's what I was looking for.
To the ones that were here, I'm looking for a surrender to the ones that will be here later.
' That was pretty interesting what he just did, Braden.
When he says he's done, he's never said that because I was pushing.
I was trying to look to see if he wanted to show me anything else.
He said, 'I've shown you everything.
You're done.
You need to be done.
' Yeah, like you're done.
You need to like—I'm like right there.
It was about President Trump praying as these—I see him in the valley of decision, but I see crypto coming like something, and I see decisions being made, these decisions.
So, we'll praise the Lord.
Interesting, huh?
6,400.
Thank you, Lord, for every person who's here tonight, and they're represented.
They're here, and I just bless them.
Thank you for spending time with us in prayer.
We lift them up, every single one of them.
Father, may they have a wonderful day tomorrow.
Father, I thank you for health in their bodies, strength in their bones.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every single one of them walk in blessing, and Father, that they lack no good thing.
We pray a covering over their minds, over their marriages, over their children tonight, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise as we go to midweek.
We're so grateful, Father, for the midweek Wednesday.
We're so thankful, Father, for all that you've done.
We pray a protection over it.
I just sit in his presence.
Every time is always different, but we love y'all.
When he says he's done, I'm done.
You know, you say, 'Well, I don't agree.
' Well, listen to him.
I follow him.
He said, 'I'm done with what I needed today.
' So, God bless you all.
We love you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart, and we will be back again tomorrow.
We'll pray with you, pray with you.
I know there's more singing, but that's what was on his heart.
So, I love it.
I love to be in his presence.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
He just wants us to have a wonderful night and be refreshed.
So many people are weary, and God wants this burden off of you.
Life is supposed to be beautiful and fun, but we choose to carry the care.
And I don't want to carry the care.
We cast the care off.
It's not ours to carry; it's his.
He called us to pray and align up with him.
So, we just flow.
We flow.
It's a symphony.
So, God bless you all.
We love you.
Sleep well.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.